Custom model flavor example (#7867)
mlflow/mlflow: examples/sktime/README.md

# Sktime Example

> This example trains a Sktime NaiveForecaster model using the Longley dataset for
> forecasting with exogenous variables and logs hyperparameters, metrics, and
> trained model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example trains a Sktime NaiveForecaster model using the Longley dataset for
forecasting with exogenous variables. It shows a custom model type implementation that 
logs the training hyper-parameters, evaluation metrics and the trained model as an artifact.
```

## Running the code

> 

Reviewer: Intro here? Something that explains the code below would be helpful as a guide

Author: updated

```
python train.py
```

> Then you can open the MLflow UI to track the experiments and compare your runs via:

Author: updated
